# pdu_session_context_t

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**pdu_session_id** | **int** | Unsigned integer identifying a PDU session, within the range 0 to 255, as specified in  clause 11.2.3.1b, bits 1 to 8, of 3GPP TS 24.007. If the PDU Session ID is allocated by the  Core Network for UEs not supporting N1 mode, reserved range 64 to 95 is used. PDU Session ID  within the reserved range is only visible in the Core Network.   | 
**sm_context_ref** | **char \*** | String providing an URI formatted according to RFC 3986. | 
**s_nssai** | [**snssai_t**](snssai.md) \* |  | 
**alt_snssai** | [**snssai_t**](snssai.md) \* |  | [optional] 
**dnn** | **char \*** | String representing a Data Network as defined in clause 9A of 3GPP TS 23.003;  it shall contain either a DNN Network Identifier, or a full DNN with both the Network  Identifier and Operator Identifier, as specified in 3GPP TS 23.003 clause 9.1.1 and 9.1.2. It shall be coded as string in which the labels are separated by dots  (e.g. \&quot;Label1.Label2.Label3\&quot;).  | 
**selected_dnn** | **char \*** | String representing a Data Network as defined in clause 9A of 3GPP TS 23.003;  it shall contain either a DNN Network Identifier, or a full DNN with both the Network  Identifier and Operator Identifier, as specified in 3GPP TS 23.003 clause 9.1.1 and 9.1.2. It shall be coded as string in which the labels are separated by dots  (e.g. \&quot;Label1.Label2.Label3\&quot;).  | [optional] 
**access_type** | **access_type_t \*** |  | 
**additional_access_type** | **access_type_t \*** |  | [optional] 
**allocated_ebi_list** | [**list_t**](ebi_arp_mapping.md) \* |  | [optional] 
**hsmf_id** | **char \*** | String uniquely identifying a NF instance. The format of the NF Instance ID shall be a  Universally Unique Identifier (UUID) version 4, as described in IETF RFC 4122.   | [optional] 
**hsmf_set_id** | **char \*** | NF Set Identifier (see clause 28.12 of 3GPP TS 23.003), formatted as the following string \&quot;set&lt;Set ID&gt;.&lt;nftype&gt;set.5gc.mnc&lt;MNC&gt;.mcc&lt;MCC&gt;\&quot;, or  \&quot;set&lt;SetID&gt;.&lt;NFType&gt;set.5gc.nid&lt;NID&gt;.mnc&lt;MNC&gt;.mcc&lt;MCC&gt;\&quot; with  &lt;MCC&gt; encoded as defined in clause 5.4.2 (\&quot;Mcc\&quot; data type definition)  &lt;MNC&gt; encoding the Mobile Network Code part of the PLMN, comprising 3 digits.    If there are only 2 significant digits in the MNC, one \&quot;0\&quot; digit shall be inserted    at the left side to fill the 3 digits coding of MNC.  Pattern: &#39;^[0-9]{3}$&#39; &lt;NFType&gt; encoded as a value defined in Table 6.1.6.3.3-1 of 3GPP TS 29.510 but    with lower case characters &lt;Set ID&gt; encoded as a string of characters consisting of    alphabetic characters (A-Z and a-z), digits (0-9) and/or the hyphen (-) and that    shall end with either an alphabetic character or a digit.   | [optional] 
**hsmf_service_set_id** | **char \*** | NF Service Set Identifier (see clause 28.12 of 3GPP TS 23.003) formatted as the following  string \&quot;set&lt;Set ID&gt;.sn&lt;Service Name&gt;.nfi&lt;NF Instance ID&gt;.5gc.mnc&lt;MNC&gt;.mcc&lt;MCC&gt;\&quot;, or  \&quot;set&lt;SetID&gt;.sn&lt;ServiceName&gt;.nfi&lt;NFInstanceID&gt;.5gc.nid&lt;NID&gt;.mnc&lt;MNC&gt;.mcc&lt;MCC&gt;\&quot; with  &lt;MCC&gt; encoded as defined in clause 5.4.2 (\&quot;Mcc\&quot; data type definition)   &lt;MNC&gt; encoding the Mobile Network Code part of the PLMN, comprising 3 digits.    If there are only 2 significant digits in the MNC, one \&quot;0\&quot; digit shall be inserted    at the left side to fill the 3 digits coding of MNC.  Pattern: &#39;^[0-9]{3}$&#39; &lt;NID&gt; encoded as defined in clause 5.4.2 (\&quot;Nid\&quot; data type definition)  &lt;NFInstanceId&gt; encoded as defined in clause 5.3.2  &lt;ServiceName&gt; encoded as defined in 3GPP TS 29.510  &lt;Set ID&gt; encoded as a string of characters consisting of alphabetic    characters (A-Z and a-z), digits (0-9) and/or the hyphen (-) and that shall end    with either an alphabetic character or a digit.  | [optional] 
**smf_binding** | **sbi_binding_level_t \*** |  | [optional] 
**vsmf_id** | **char \*** | String uniquely identifying a NF instance. The format of the NF Instance ID shall be a  Universally Unique Identifier (UUID) version 4, as described in IETF RFC 4122.   | [optional] 
**vsmf_set_id** | **char \*** | NF Set Identifier (see clause 28.12 of 3GPP TS 23.003), formatted as the following string \&quot;set&lt;Set ID&gt;.&lt;nftype&gt;set.5gc.mnc&lt;MNC&gt;.mcc&lt;MCC&gt;\&quot;, or  \&quot;set&lt;SetID&gt;.&lt;NFType&gt;set.5gc.nid&lt;NID&gt;.mnc&lt;MNC&gt;.mcc&lt;MCC&gt;\&quot; with  &lt;MCC&gt; encoded as defined in clause 5.4.2 (\&quot;Mcc\&quot; data type definition)  &lt;MNC&gt; encoding the Mobile Network Code part of the PLMN, comprising 3 digits.    If there are only 2 significant digits in the MNC, one \&quot;0\&quot; digit shall be inserted    at the left side to fill the 3 digits coding of MNC.  Pattern: &#39;^[0-9]{3}$&#39; &lt;NFType&gt; encoded as a value defined in Table 6.1.6.3.3-1 of 3GPP TS 29.510 but    with lower case characters &lt;Set ID&gt; encoded as a string of characters consisting of    alphabetic characters (A-Z and a-z), digits (0-9) and/or the hyphen (-) and that    shall end with either an alphabetic character or a digit.   | [optional] 
**vsmf_service_set_id** | **char \*** | NF Service Set Identifier (see clause 28.12 of 3GPP TS 23.003) formatted as the following  string \&quot;set&lt;Set ID&gt;.sn&lt;Service Name&gt;.nfi&lt;NF Instance ID&gt;.5gc.mnc&lt;MNC&gt;.mcc&lt;MCC&gt;\&quot;, or  \&quot;set&lt;SetID&gt;.sn&lt;ServiceName&gt;.nfi&lt;NFInstanceID&gt;.5gc.nid&lt;NID&gt;.mnc&lt;MNC&gt;.mcc&lt;MCC&gt;\&quot; with  &lt;MCC&gt; encoded as defined in clause 5.4.2 (\&quot;Mcc\&quot; data type definition)   &lt;MNC&gt; encoding the Mobile Network Code part of the PLMN, comprising 3 digits.    If there are only 2 significant digits in the MNC, one \&quot;0\&quot; digit shall be inserted    at the left side to fill the 3 digits coding of MNC.  Pattern: &#39;^[0-9]{3}$&#39; &lt;NID&gt; encoded as defined in clause 5.4.2 (\&quot;Nid\&quot; data type definition)  &lt;NFInstanceId&gt; encoded as defined in clause 5.3.2  &lt;ServiceName&gt; encoded as defined in 3GPP TS 29.510  &lt;Set ID&gt; encoded as a string of characters consisting of alphabetic    characters (A-Z and a-z), digits (0-9) and/or the hyphen (-) and that shall end    with either an alphabetic character or a digit.  | [optional] 
**vsmf_binding** | **sbi_binding_level_t \*** |  | [optional] 
**ismf_id** | **char \*** | String uniquely identifying a NF instance. The format of the NF Instance ID shall be a  Universally Unique Identifier (UUID) version 4, as described in IETF RFC 4122.   | [optional] 
**ismf_set_id** | **char \*** | NF Set Identifier (see clause 28.12 of 3GPP TS 23.003), formatted as the following string \&quot;set&lt;Set ID&gt;.&lt;nftype&gt;set.5gc.mnc&lt;MNC&gt;.mcc&lt;MCC&gt;\&quot;, or  \&quot;set&lt;SetID&gt;.&lt;NFType&gt;set.5gc.nid&lt;NID&gt;.mnc&lt;MNC&gt;.mcc&lt;MCC&gt;\&quot; with  &lt;MCC&gt; encoded as defined in clause 5.4.2 (\&quot;Mcc\&quot; data type definition)  &lt;MNC&gt; encoding the Mobile Network Code part of the PLMN, comprising 3 digits.    If there are only 2 significant digits in the MNC, one \&quot;0\&quot; digit shall be inserted    at the left side to fill the 3 digits coding of MNC.  Pattern: &#39;^[0-9]{3}$&#39; &lt;NFType&gt; encoded as a value defined in Table 6.1.6.3.3-1 of 3GPP TS 29.510 but    with lower case characters &lt;Set ID&gt; encoded as a string of characters consisting of    alphabetic characters (A-Z and a-z), digits (0-9) and/or the hyphen (-) and that    shall end with either an alphabetic character or a digit.   | [optional] 
**ismf_service_set_id** | **char \*** | NF Service Set Identifier (see clause 28.12 of 3GPP TS 23.003) formatted as the following  string \&quot;set&lt;Set ID&gt;.sn&lt;Service Name&gt;.nfi&lt;NF Instance ID&gt;.5gc.mnc&lt;MNC&gt;.mcc&lt;MCC&gt;\&quot;, or  \&quot;set&lt;SetID&gt;.sn&lt;ServiceName&gt;.nfi&lt;NFInstanceID&gt;.5gc.nid&lt;NID&gt;.mnc&lt;MNC&gt;.mcc&lt;MCC&gt;\&quot; with  &lt;MCC&gt; encoded as defined in clause 5.4.2 (\&quot;Mcc\&quot; data type definition)   &lt;MNC&gt; encoding the Mobile Network Code part of the PLMN, comprising 3 digits.    If there are only 2 significant digits in the MNC, one \&quot;0\&quot; digit shall be inserted    at the left side to fill the 3 digits coding of MNC.  Pattern: &#39;^[0-9]{3}$&#39; &lt;NID&gt; encoded as defined in clause 5.4.2 (\&quot;Nid\&quot; data type definition)  &lt;NFInstanceId&gt; encoded as defined in clause 5.3.2  &lt;ServiceName&gt; encoded as defined in 3GPP TS 29.510  &lt;Set ID&gt; encoded as a string of characters consisting of alphabetic    characters (A-Z and a-z), digits (0-9) and/or the hyphen (-) and that shall end    with either an alphabetic character or a digit.  | [optional] 
**ismf_binding** | **sbi_binding_level_t \*** |  | [optional] 
**ns_instance** | **char \*** | Contains the Identifier of the selected Network Slice instance | [optional] 
**smf_service_instance_id** | **char \*** |  | [optional] 
**ma_pdu_session** | **int** |  | [optional] [default to false]
**cn_assisted_ran_para** | [**cn_assisted_ran_para_t**](cn_assisted_ran_para.md) \* |  | [optional] 
**nrf_management_uri** | **char \*** | String providing an URI formatted according to RFC 3986. | [optional] 
**nrf_discovery_uri** | **char \*** | String providing an URI formatted according to RFC 3986. | [optional] 
**nrf_access_token_uri** | **char \*** | String providing an URI formatted according to RFC 3986. | [optional] 
**smf_binding_info** | **char \*** |  | [optional] 
**vsmf_binding_info** | **char \*** |  | [optional] 
**ismf_binding_info** | **char \*** |  | [optional] 
**additional_snssai** | [**snssai_t**](snssai.md) \* |  | [optional] 
**alt_additional_snssai** | [**snssai_t**](snssai.md) \* |  | [optional] 
**inter_plmn_api_root** | **char \*** | String providing an URI formatted according to RFC 3986. | [optional] 
**pgw_fqdn** | **char \*** | Fully Qualified Domain Name | [optional] 
**pgw_ip_addr** | [**ip_address_t**](ip_address.md) \* |  | [optional] 
**plmn_id** | [**plmn_id_t**](plmn_id.md) \* |  | [optional] 
**anchor_smf_supported_features** | **char \*** | A string used to indicate the features supported by an API that is used as defined in clause  6.6 in 3GPP TS 29.500. The string shall contain a bitmask indicating supported features in  hexadecimal representation Each character in the string shall take a value of \&quot;0\&quot; to \&quot;9\&quot;,  \&quot;a\&quot; to \&quot;f\&quot; or \&quot;A\&quot; to \&quot;F\&quot; and shall represent the support of 4 features as described in  table 5.2.2-3. The most significant character representing the highest-numbered features shall  appear first in the string, and the character representing features 1 to 4 shall appear last  in the string. The list of features and their numbering (starting with 1) are defined  separately for each API. If the string contains a lower number of characters than there are  defined features for an API, all features that would be represented by characters that are not  present in the string are not supported.  | [optional] 
**anchor_smf_oauth2_required** | **int** |  | [optional] 
**hrsbo_allowed_ind** | **int** |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


